Navid Kamali's Photo Gallery CSS and Javascript:

1. All photo data for the gallery come from the JSON object
2. The JSON data comes from an Ajax call made to the file "gallery_json.txt"
3. Once the json has been loaded the first photo and all thumbnails appear
4. The Album name is displayed at the top
5. clicking on the thumbnail photos will display the corresponding larger photo
6. when a thumbnail is selected it should be highlighted
7. when a photo is displayed the title, date and location must appear below it
8. clicking on the arrows will got to the next or previous photo
9. The photo gallery looks similar to the mockup

    Author: Navid Kamali
    Date Created: March 26, 2011
    Description: Photo Gallery CSS and JavaScript
    Implementation Details:
      The photos' thumbnails and large files are referenced in the gallery_json.txt file.
      The JSON file is loaded once the page loads and the first photo is displayed and the first thumbnail is 
      highlighted in blue.There are two ways to select a photo to view; click on the photo's thumbnail or click on
      the Previous and Next arrow buttons. The thumbnail of the photo that is being displayed in the current photo
      section will always be highlighted with a blue border. As a cool effect, the opacity settings of the
      thumbnails change to 1.0 from default opacity 0.75 when you mouseover the thumbnails. The Previous and Next 
      arrow buttons will allow you to wrap around the list of photos. (ie. if you are viewing the 1st photo, 
      then clicking on the Previous button, the 6th photo will be displayed. If you are viewing the 6th photo and
      you click on the Next button the 1st photo will be displayed).
       
    Technologies used: 
      * CSS
      * Blueprint CSS Framework
      * JQuery
      * JavaScript
      * AJAX
      * JQuery Opacity Rollover library
      * HTML
                
    Requirements: You must host the entire contents of the Photo Gallery CSS and JavaScript on your own web server.
                  For URLs below, I assume the your web server is started localhost at port 80, since an AJAX call          
                  is made.
                  
                  This currently only has been tested with 6 thumbnails and their corresponding large photos.
